README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala) 
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala/badge.png?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala?branch=master)

# Learning Objectives

- Show how CPU-intensive computation can be off-loaded from a mobile app to
  the cloud, by comparison to a mobile device, an unlimited resource for
  computation and storage.

- End-to-end example of continuous integration (CI), continuous
  deployment/delivery (CD), and DevOps in Scala.

See also the
[corresponding mobile app](https://github.com/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-android-scala).

# How to use

Test with

    $ sbt test

Run with 

    $ sbt run
	
or

    $ sbt stage
	$ foreman start

or deploy to a foreman-compatible APaaS provider, such as Heroku.

Then, http://host/n returns

- 200 OK if n is prime
- 404 Not Found otherwise

# Sample prime numbers to try

- [1013](http://laufer-primechecker.herokuapp.com/1013)
- [10007](http://laufer-primechecker.herokuapp.com/10007)
- [100003](http://laufer-primechecker.herokuapp.com/100003)
- [1000003](http://laufer-primechecker.herokuapp.com/1000003)
- [10000169](http://laufer-primechecker.herokuapp.com/10000169)
- [100000007](http://laufer-primechecker.herokuapp.com/100000007)

# Sample non-prime numbers to try

- [999989](http://laufer-primechecker.herokuapp.com/999989)

# References

- [Jason Christensen's OOPSLA 2009 presentation](http://www.slideshare.net/jasonc411/oopsla-2009-combining-rest-and-cloud-a-practitioners-report)
- [James Earl Douglas's SBTB 2014 presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZYAFWTyOlE)
- [James Earl Douglas's Scala CI/CD/DevOps example](https://github.com/earldouglas/scala-cd): Travis, Coveralls, and Heroku

Commit message:

added various status badges
Signed-off-by: Konstantin Läufer <klaeufer@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala) 
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/a3090cda0e2b48ddb9a8609fc763d741)](https://www.codacy.com/app/laufer/primenumbers-spray-scala)

[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala.png?label=ready&title=Ready)](http://waffle.io/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala)
[![Issue Stats](http://issuestats.com/github/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala/badge/pr)](http://issuestats.com/github/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala)
[![Issue Stats](http://issuestats.com/github/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala/badge/issue)](http://issuestats.com/github/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala)
[![Average time to resolve an issue](http://isitmaintained.com/badge/resolution/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala.svg)](http://isitmaintained.com/project/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala "Average time to resolve an issue")
[![Percentage of issues still open](http://isitmaintained.com/badge/open/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala.svg)](http://isitmaintained.com/project/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-spray-scala "Percentage of issues still open")


# Learning Objectives

- Show how CPU-intensive computation can be off-loaded from a mobile app to
  the cloud, by comparison to a mobile device, an unlimited resource for
  computation and storage.

- End-to-end example of continuous integration (CI), continuous
  deployment/delivery (CD), and DevOps in Scala.

See also the
[corresponding mobile app](https://github.com/LoyolaChicagoCode/primenumbers-android-scala).

# How to use

Test with

    $ sbt test

Run with 

    $ sbt run
	
or

    $ sbt stage
	$ foreman start

or deploy to a foreman-compatible APaaS provider, such as Heroku.

Then, http://host/n returns

- 200 OK if n is prime
- 404 Not Found otherwise

# Sample prime numbers to try

- [1013](http://laufer-primechecker.herokuapp.com/1013)
- [10007](http://laufer-primechecker.herokuapp.com/10007)
- [100003](http://laufer-primechecker.herokuapp.com/100003)
- [1000003](http://laufer-primechecker.herokuapp.com/1000003)
- [10000169](http://laufer-primechecker.herokuapp.com/10000169)
- [100000007](http://laufer-primechecker.herokuapp.com/100000007)

# Sample non-prime numbers to try

- [999989](http://laufer-primechecker.herokuapp.com/999989)

# References

- [Jason Christensen's OOPSLA 2009 presentation](http://www.slideshare.net/jasonc411/oopsla-2009-combining-rest-and-cloud-a-practitioners-report)
- [James Earl Douglas's SBTB 2014 presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZYAFWTyOlE)
- [James Earl Douglas's Scala CI/CD/DevOps example](https://github.com/earldouglas/scala-cd): Travis, Coveralls, and Heroku
